This is Net::SSH::Perl 0.51.

PROGRESS

Features added in version 0.51:
    * Blowfish support has now been added.

PREREQUISITES

    * Math::GMP (1.04)
    * String::CRC32 (1.2)
    * Digest::MD5

ENCRYPTION CIPHERS

Net::SSH::Perl currently supports 4 encryption ciphers: IDEA, DES,
3DES, and Blowfish.

In order to use the ciphers you'll need to install the
corresponding Crypt:: module. I've not listed any of these
modules as prerequisites above, but during the installation
process you'll be prompted to add some of these modules
so that you can use the encryption.

INSTALLATION

Net::SSH::Perl installation is relatively straightforward. The
only slightly complicated bit is that you'll need to install
Crypt:: modules depending on which ciphers you wish to use.
This has been made quite easy if you use the CPAN shell to
install Net::SSH::Perl; the installation process will ask you which
ciphers you wish to have installed, and will then add the
Crypt:: modules as prerequisites. The CPAN shell should then
install them automatically.

Even if you're not using the CPAN shell, the installation script
tries to make things easy by detecting which modules you'll need
to install, then loading the CPAN shell and installing them,
if you want.

If you don't like either of those options you'll need to do the
installations manually. In which case you'll need to install
Math::GMP (version 1.04 or greater), String::CRC32 (version 1.2
or greater), and Digest::MD5, plus any additional Crypt:: modules
you wish to use.

Net::SSH::Perl itself installs like a Perl module should:

    % perl Makefile.PL
    % make && make test && make install

SUPPORT

Take a look at the scripts in eg/ for help and examples of
using Net::SSH::Perl. eg/cmd.pl is just a simple example of
some of the functionality, eg/pssh is an ssh-like client
for running commands on other servers, and eg/pscp is a very
simple scp-like script. Both pssh and pscp support a subset
of the command line options that the actual tools support;
obviously, only those options supported by Net::SSH::Perl are
supported by pssh and pscp.

If you have any questions, code samples, bug reports, or
feedback, please email them to:

    ben@rhumba.pair.com

COPYRIGHT

(C) 2001 Benjamin Trott. All rights reserved.
